Enhancements in clarity to access-application-cluster/connecting-frontend-backend.md (#25927)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/connecting-frontend-backend.md

## Creating the backend Service object

The key to sending requests from a frontend to a backend is the backend
Service. A Service creates a persistent IP address and DNS name entry
so that the backend microservice can always be reached. A Service uses
{{< glossary_tooltip text="selectors" term_id="selector" >}} to find
the Pods that it routes traffic to.

First, explore the Service configuration file:

{{< codenew file="service/access/backend-service.yaml" >}}

In the configuration file, you can see that the Service, named `backend` routes 
traffic to Pods that have the labels `app: hello` and `tier: backend`.

Create the `backend` Service:

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://k8s.io/examples/service/access/backend-service.yaml
```

> At this point, you have a `backend` Deployment running seven replicas of your `hello`

Reviewer: Sounds to me that 7 replicas is an overkill. Can/shall we reduce it to 3?

Author: Agreed, reduced to 3 (here as well as deployment manifest and sample apply output)

application, and you have a Service that can route traffic to them. However, this 
service is neither available nor resolvable outside the cluster yet.

## Creating the frontend

> Now that you have your backend running, you can create a frontend that is available 

Reviewer: "available" may be a little ambiguous?

```suggestion
Now that you have your backend running, you can create a frontend that is accessible from 
```

outside the cluster, and connects to the backend by proxying requests to it.

The frontend sends requests to the backend worker Pods by using the DNS name
given to the backend Service. The DNS name is `backend`, which is the value
of the `name` field in the `examples/service/access/backend-service.yaml` 
configuration file.

The Pods in the frontend Deployment run a nginx image that is configured
to proxy requests to the backend Service. Here is the nginx configuration file:

{{< codenew file="service/access/frontend-nginx.conf" >}}

Similar to the backend, the frontend has a Deployment and a Service. An important
difference to notice between the backend and frontend services, is that the
configuration for the frontend Service has `type: LoadBalancer`, which means that

> the Service uses the default load balancer of your cloud provider and will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Service uses a load balancer of your cloud provider and will be
```
